[CDS-25776]: Adding documentation for dockerConfigJsonSecret (#1480)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/12_Variables-and-Expressions/harness-variables.md

```
See [Pull an Image from a Private Registry for Kubernetes](/docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/kubernetes/cd-kubernetes-category/pull-an-image-from-a-private-registry-for-kubernetes/).

### <+artifact.dockerConfigJsonSecret>

If some cases, your Kubernetes cluster might not have the permissions needed to access a private Docker registry. For these cases, the values.yaml or manifest file in service definition **Manifests** section must use the `dockerconfigjson` parameter.

If the Docker image is added in the service definition **Artifacts** section, you can reference it as `dockerconfigjson: <+artifact.dockerConfigJsonSecret>`.

> values.yaml:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a sample values.yaml:
```

```
name: <+stage.variables.name>  
replicas: 2  
  
image: <+artifact.image>  
dockerconfigjson: <+artifact.dockerConfigJsonSecret>
  
createNamespace: true  
namespace: <+infra.namespace>  
...
```

> See [Pull an Image from a Private Registry for Kubernetes](/docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/kubernetes/cd-kubernetes-category/pull-an-image-from-a-private-registry-for-kubernetes/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to [pull an image from a private registry for Kubernetes](/docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/kubernetes/cd-kubernetes-category/pull-an-image-from-a-private-registry-for-kubernetes/) for more information.
```
